docs: Document printable conversations. (#26386)
zulip/zulip: help/print-a-conversation.md

# Print a conversation

Conversations, including topics, DMs, and group DMs, are printable from the

> Zulip web app.

Reviewer: As noted in #26397, we should probably add a link here to clarify meaning. I would also tweak the intro to something like:

> Zulip [conversations](/help/recent-conversations), including streams, topics, and direct messages, are printable from the Zulip web app.

or more concisely:

> Zulip [conversations](/help/recent-conversations) are printable from the Zulip web app.

{start_tabs}

{tab|web}

> 1. Navigate to the topic, DM, or group DM you wish to print.

Reviewer: Maybe tweak the wording a bit to something like:

```suggestion
1. Navigate to a stream, topic, or direct message view.
```

1. Ensure that all messages you wish to print from further back in time
   have been loaded and can be scrolled to on screen (all loaded messages
   will print).

1. Use your browser's print feature (e.g., File > Print) to preview
   and print your messages.

{tab|mobile}

1. Navigate to the topic, DM, or group DM you wish to print.

1. Ensure that all messages you wish to print from further back in time
   have been loaded and can be scrolled to on screen (all loaded messages
   will print).

> 1. Use your mobile browser's print feature to preview and print your messages.

Reviewer: Generally, we only document mobile features specific to the Zulip mobile app. I think we can remove this section since the instructions for `web` would also apply when using a mobile browser.

{end_tabs}

Conversations will print beginning with the oldest loaded message you can see on
screen. If you need to your printout to include messages from further back in
time, you'll need to scroll up through the message history until you can see the
messages you wish to print.

Conversation printouts exclude sidebars and other interface features that you
otherwise see on screen. And whether you're viewing Zulip in the [light or dark
theme](/help/dark-theme), Zulip topics will print with appropriate colors for
paper or system-generated PDFs. Background colors will not be printed.

## Related articles

* [Reading topics](/help/reading-topics)
* [Reading direct messages (DMs)](/help/reading-dms)

> * [Dark theme](/help/dark-theme)

Reviewer: Let's add:

`* [Supported browsers](/help/supported-browsers)`
